==== ENA Driver Release notes ====


---- Supported kernels/distributions ----

ENA driver is supported on kernels 3.2 and above
with an addition of kernel 2.6.32.

The driver was verified on the following distributions:

Red Hat:
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.7
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.8
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.3

Ubuntu:
* ubuntu Trusty 14.04 amd64 server
* Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 amd64 server
* Ubuntu Yakkety 16.10 amd64 server
* Ubuntu Zesty 17.04 amd64 server

Amazon Linux:
* Amazon Linux AMI 2017.03
* Amazon Linux AMI 2016.09.1

Cent OS:
* Cent OS 6
* Cent OS 7

Suse:
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP2

---- r1.2.0 ----
New Features:
* Add support for Rx out of order completion
* Update ena_enable_msix() to use newly introduced IRQ functions in Linux.
* Refactor check_for_missing_tx_completions() to reduce the code length of this
	function.
* Remove redundant call for napi_hash_add() in kernels later than version 4.5.
* Add reset reason for each device FLR.

Bug Fixes:
* Fix compilation error in kernel 4.11
* Fix uncompleted polling admin command false alarm.
* Fix theoretical case - the driver might hang after consecutive open/close
	interface.
* Fix a rare condition between submission and completion of admin commands.
* Unmap the device bars on driver removal
* Fix memory leak in ena_enable_msix()
* Fix napi_complete_done() wrong return value
* Fix race in  polling mode in kernels 4.5 - 4.9.
	When CONFIG_RX_BUSY_POLL is set and busy poll is enabled,
	there is a potential case where the napi handler will not unmask the
	MSI-X interrupt leading to a case where no further interrupts will
	be generated by the ENA device.
* Disable admin queue msix while working in polling mode
* Fix theoretical bug - on systems with extremely low memory, the napi handler
	might fail on allocate new pages for Rx buffers.
	This might lead to a deadlock condition if Rx queue is fully depleted.

---- r1.1.3 ----
* Add support for RHEL 6.7/6.8 and 7.3

---- r1.1.2 ----

New Features:
* Add ndo busy poll callback, that will typically reduce network latency.
* Use napi_schedule_irqoff when possible
* move from ena_trc_* to pr_* functions and ENA_ASSERT to WARN
* Indentations and fix comments structure
* Add prefetch to the driver
* Add hardware hints
* Remove affinity hints in the driver, allowing the irq balancer to move
	it depending on the load.
	Developers can still override affinity using /proc/irq/*/smp_affinity

Bug Fixes:
* Initialized last_keep_alive_jiffies
	Can cause watchdog reset if the value isn't initialized
	After this watchdog driver reset it initiated, it will not happen again
	while the OS is running.
* Reorder the initialization of the workqueues and the timer service
	In the highly unlikely event of driver failing on probe the reset workqueue
	cause access to freed area.
* Remove redundant logic in napi callback for busy poll mode.
	Impact the performance on kernel >= 4.5 when CONFIG_NET_RX_BUSY_POLL is enable
		and socket is opened with SO_BUSY_POLL
* In RSS hash configuration add missing variable initialization.
* Fix type mismatch in structs initialization
* Fix kernel starvation when get_statistics is called from atomic context
* Fix potential memory corruption during reset and restart flow.
* Fix kernel panic when driver reset fail

Minor changes:
* Reduce the number of printouts
* Move printing of unsupported negotiated feature to _dbg instead of _notice
* Increase default admin timeout to 3 sec and Keep-Alive to 5 sec.
* Change the behaiver of Tx xmit in case of an error.
        drop the packet and return NETDEV_TX_OK instead of retunring NETDEV_TX_BUSY

---- r1.0.2 ----

New Features:
* Reduce the number of parameters and use context for ena_get_dev_stats
* Don't initialize variables if the driver don't use their value.
* Use get_link_ksettings instead get_settings (for kernels > 4.6)

Bug Fixes:
* Move printing of unsupported negotiated feature to _dbg instead of _notice
* Fix ethtool RSS flow configuration
* Add missing break in ena_get_rxfh

Minor changes:
* Remove ena_nway_reset since it only return -ENODEV
* rename small_copy_len tunable to rx_copybreak to match with main linux tree commit

---- r1.0.0 ----

Initial commit

ENA Driver supports Linux kernel version 3.2 and higher.

The driver was tested with x86_64 HVM AMIs.
